
Steps to complete the project
* Due June 12
- Fork and clone the starter repository. The code in this repository will serve as your baseline to begin development.

  - From inside the new directory, launch a local client server using Python from your terminal:
        * Python 2: python -m SimpleHTTPServer 8000
        * Python 3: python3 -m http.server 8000
        * Visit the site in your browser at http://localhost:8000
- Convert the provided site to use a responsive design .
        * Bootstrap and other CSS frameworks should not be used; all responsiveness should be done with CSS.
        * Use appropriate document type declaration and viewport tags
        * Create a responsive grid-based layout using CSS
        * Use media queries that provide fluid breakpoints across different screen sizes
        * Use responsive images that adjust for the dimensions and resolution of any mobile device
- Implement accessibility features in the site HTML (most of this HTML is generated by JavaScript functions).
- Add a ServiceWorker script to cache requests to all of the site’s assets so that any page that has been visited by a user will be accessible when the user is offline. Only caching needs to be implemented, no other ServiceWorker features.

- Consult the rubric often to be sure you are meeting the specific project requirements.
Submission Instructions

    * Push your project to GitHub, making sure to push the master branch.
    * On the project submission page choose the option 'Submit with GitHub'
    * Select the repository for this project (you may need to connect your GitHub account first).
